.TH man 7 "7 July 2017" "1.0" "Peachy Subsystem"
\" TODO : expand this file and add git precomand to update thedate.
.Dd 8/4/10               \" DATE
.Dt Peachy       \" Program name and manual section number
.Os 
.Sh Name                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm Peachify
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd Installs the peachy subsystem and patches it for use with the peachy macros and environment
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
Copies and setsup backups for your system of all files that the subsystem installs. When un-installing the subsystem these .bkp files are reloaded from where they were in the ~/ directory before. I.E, don't delete the *.bkp files this script makes.
.Sh Files                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width ".zshrc" -indent
.It .zshrc
Setup ZSH options and specific files
.It shell/
Variables, functions, and exports for all shells.
.It man/
All custom man pages for scripts and programs contained in this repo
.It vim*
All vim configuration files, bundles, and color schemes.
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
This may sometimes take a second to load as it is sourceing a few files in specific dependant order so that other shells may use the same variables. This could be sped up with better processing and scripting.
.Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
.It Pa 1.0
Inital release from PRIVATE
.El
